WHAT YOU CAN BUILD

GNU tools are identified by a Target Triplet with three fields:
  Architecture-Vendor-OS
Here we always use "unknown" for the Vendor.
Architectures and OS's allowed by this code are shown in Makefile.xenv.

In the build system here, a TARGET is of the form OS-Architecture.

The built tools will be placed in a top-level directory with the name of the OS.


HOW TO BUILD

First you need some overall setup:

sudo apt install build-essential lib{ssl,icu,z,mpfr,gmp,mpc}-dev bison flex
sudo apt install libboost{,-filesystem,-system}-dev

and some setup for each OS you will build (substitute for terms in angle brackets)

sudo mkdir /<OS>
sudo chown <YourUserName>:plugdev /<OS>

Then build with these commands:

cd <Directory with your ccs-xenv repository>
make -f Makefile.xenv TARGETS="<list of TARGETs to build>"

For example:
cd ccs-xenv
make -f Makefile.xenv TARGETS="capros-i386 capros-arm"


NOTES ON THE BUILD

Building a cross compile tool chain is a serious pain in the neck. The
main issue is that there is a circular dependency between gcc and
libc. Because of this circular dependency, the build MUST proceed in
the following order:

    1. build binutils
    2. build a subset of GCC that does not rely on access to libc
       headers
    3. build libc using that GCC
    4. build the production version of GCC
    5. Set up some required symlinks for gcc.

At each stage, the result of the previous stage must be installed
before proceeding further.

This sequence is painful, convoluted, and slow, but it is reliable.

The symlinks part deals with the fact that the directory tree
containing the cross compiler driver programs is not the target
tree. The symlinks allow GCC to locate other components such as LD and
AS.


Also a note on tree structure here. For packages that we take from
third parties we want/need to keep the sources completely
unchanged. For myself, I would *really* prefer to have them here in
unpacked form. Unfortunately, the gcc configure process mungs the
input tree even when it is built in a completely separate directory,
and I have not (yet) found a way to repair that. Hmm. Perhaps cp -al
would work. In any case, until we can deal with that cleanly we
unfortunately need to check in the actual tarballs.  So the tarballs
in the SOURCES directory really are the official sources.

For tools that we maintain ourselves we can make the configure process
"clean", which leaves us the option to check them in as fully expanded
trees. That is much more pleasant to maintain, but it means that the
rpm construction process has to hand-build the tarballs for them. The
ourtools/ tree contains tools of this form.

Sigh. In this situation you simply can't win for losing.
